README.md, before:

# CodeIgniter 4 Framework

## What is CodeIgniter?

CodeIgniter is a PHP full-stack web framework that is light, fast, flexible and secure.
More information can be found at the [official site](http://codeigniter.com).

This repository holds the distributable version of the framework,
including the user guide. It has been built from the
[development repository](https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4).

More information about the plans for version 4 can be found in [the announcement](http://forum.codeigniter.com/thread-62615.html) on the forums.

The user guide corresponding to this version of the framework can be found
[here](https://codeigniter4.github.io/userguide/).


## Important Change with index.php

`index.php` is no longer in the root of the project! It has been moved inside the *public* folder,
for better security and separation of components.

This means that you should configure your web server to "point" to your project's *public* folder, and
not to the project root. A better practice would be to configure a virtual host to point there. A poor practice would be to point your web server to the project root and expect to enter *public/...*, as the rest of your logic and the
framework are exposed.

**Please** read the user guide for a better explanation of how CI4 works!

## Repository Management

We use Github issues, in our main repository, to track **BUGS** and to track approved **DEVELOPMENT** work packages.
We use our [forum](http://forum.codeigniter.com) to provide SUPPORT and to discuss
FEATURE REQUESTS.

This repository is a "distribution" one, built by our release preparation script.
Problems with it can be raised on our forum, or as issues in the main repository.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community.

Please read the [*Contributing to CodeIgniter*](https://github.com/codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) section in the development repository.

## Server Requirements

PHP version 7.3 or higher is required, with the following extensions installed:

- [intl](http://php.net/manual/en/intl.requirements.php)
- [libcurl](http://php.net/manual/en/curl.requirements.php) if you plan to use the HTTP\CURLRequest library

Additionally, make sure that the following extensions are enabled in your PHP:

- json (enabled by default - don't turn it off)
- [mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/mbstring.installation.php)
- [mysqlnd](http://php.net/manual/en/mysqlnd.install.php)
- xml (enabled by default - don't turn it off)

Commit message:

removed system folder, updated system path in config, updated readme

README.md, after:

# CONTACTFORM

## Built using [CodeIgniter 4 Framework](http://codeigniter.com)

The system folder is removed from the project for reusing it across multiple projects.
See CodeIgniter's guide on [Managing Apps](http://codeigniter.com/user_guide/general/managing_apps.html#running-multiple-applications-with-one-codeigniter-installation)


## A note on `index.php` ( from codeigniter readme )
>*`index.php` is no longer in the root of the project! It has been moved inside the `public` folder,
for better security and separation of components.*
>
>*This means that you should configure your web server to "point" to your project's `public` folder, and
not to the project root. A better practice would be to configure a virtual host to point there. A poor practice would be to point your web server to the project root and expect to enter *public/...*, as the rest of your logic and the
framework are exposed.*

## Repository Management

We use Github issues to track **BUGS** and **ENHANCEMENTS**.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community.


## Server Requirements

PHP version 7.4 or higher is required, with the following extensions installed:

- [intl](http://php.net/manual/en/intl.requirements.php)
- [libcurl](http://php.net/manual/en/curl.requirements.php) if you plan to use the HTTP\CURLRequest library

Additionally, make sure that the following extensions are enabled in your PHP:

- json (enabled by default - don't turn it off)
- [mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/mbstring.installation.php)
- [mysqlnd](http://php.net/manual/en/mysqlnd.install.php)
- xml (enabled by default - don't turn it off)
